chore(performance): Use simd for base64 encoding/decoding (#1379)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1379.enhancement.md

> The `decode_base64` and `encode_base64` and `decode_mime_q` methods now uses the SIMD backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `decode_base64` and `encode_base64` and `decode_mime_q` functions now use the SIMD backend
```
